
hi,how can i help you.

redirecting you to your last orders to view information.

plese select the order which yiu want to return or refund,we will redirect you to your orders page.

Amazon welcomes the latest notification from Government of India as it enables e-commerce to deliver a wider selection of products while upholding the tenets of safety and social distancing,
As per the latest government guidelines, we have started accepting orders for all products across the country and for essential products in Containment Areas.

We are now accepting Cash/Pay on Delivery in most locations where we are delivering all products,If your location is eligible for Pay on Delivery, you will see the option on the payment page while placing your order, In locations where we are delivering only essential products, we will continue to accept pre-paid orders only,
For more information on steps taken to maintain social distancing at delivery, please visit this page.

We are working across the Operations network to enable faster deliveries to customers, while ensuring safety of associates and customers. We are continuously improving our delivery promise to offer a seamless delivery experience, We are following the latest Government guidelines to enable delivery of essentials and non-essentials in all permitted zones, and the delivery timelines maybe impacted due to local restrictions

As per the latest government guidelines, we have started processing existing orders for all products across the country, except Containment Areas. You will be notified via email and on App once orders are processed.

Yes, you can create returns by visiting Your Orders,However, the returns pick up timeline may be longer than usual.

We are prioritizing our fulfillment and operations to deliver products which our customers would need as they continue to stay at home. We will notify you on when we can schedule the return-pick. We appreciate your patience in this regard.

For guidance on COVID-19, please refer to the World Health Organization website

Customer safety is of utmost importance to us and we are closely monitoring the impact of COVID-19, Learn more about what we are doing to ensure the safety and support of our customers, communities, and employees during this difficult time on the Amazon Day 1 blog here.

please enter your current address.

prime details are as follows : Free delivery, fast delivery , more offers for your family members, exclusive offers such as buy one get one free.

who am i !!!I am your friend.

My name is Jimmy.

Your registered payment account number is **** **** **** 5545.


